{"code":0,"data":{"bookId":"589504087682474994","classId":"589504087682474995","other":"","paperId":"2155","paperName":"河北省文安县第一中学2024-2025学年高一下学期期中考试英语试题（解析版）11","quesGroups":[{"answerControl":"editor","groupId":"4a313776cce84265a3995b865f889396","groupIndexNumber":"","groupTitle":[{"title":"第二部分 阅读"}],"qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionList":[{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"editor","childs":[{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"His desk."},{"letter":"B","option":"His key."},{"letter":"C","option":"His book."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"1","qcontent":"What is the man looking for?","qid":"dfe081d67345473bbfcb6995cd3d7469","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"San Francisco."},{"letter":"B","option":"Nashville."},{"letter":"C","option":"New York."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"2","qcontent":"From which city does the man's trip begin?","qid":"c71c9e90daa54337bb5830877b1d3a03","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Friends."},{"letter":"B","option":"Mother and son."},{"letter":"C","option":"Father and daughter."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"3","qcontent":"What is the probable relationship between the speakers?","qid":"1671393eacc345f3a061dfabfce039b4","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"By car."},{"letter":"B","option":"By taxi."},{"letter":"C","option":"By subway."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"4","qcontent":"How will the speakers go to the cinema?","qid":"3cbaee821bac42f1854748a1814c4bab","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"He is humorous."},{"letter":"B","option":"He is strong."},{"letter":"C","option":"He is shy."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"5","qcontent":"What do the speakers think about Jason?","qid":"dc9d000518d24429b65bd54460823a52","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"第一节","qcontent":"\u003cp\u003e例：How much is the shirt?\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eA. £19.15. B. £9.18. C. £9.15.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003e答案是C。\u003c/p\u003e","qid":"d299fe7614164a76883d95dce74d2b94","qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionTitle":[{"title":"听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。"}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":7.5,"translate":""},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"editor","childs":[{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Orange juice."},{"letter":"B","option":"Grape juice."},{"letter":"C","option":"Tea."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"6","qcontent":"What drink does the man order?","qid":"6f45c6ca1d9d4717975f3a217ba9a1df","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"$10.50."},{"letter":"B","option":"$11.50."},{"letter":"C","option":"$12.50."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"7","qcontent":"How much should the man pay in total?","qid":"c0b17d83789a41bfa06048b00bb5d38d","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Meaningful."},{"letter":"B","option":"Happy."},{"letter":"C","option":"Bad."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"8","qcontent":"How was the woman's day?","qid":"1a226ed3fbd64824aa28f0ed8737c57b","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"It was broken."},{"letter":"B","option":"It was stolen."},{"letter":"C","option":"It was lost."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"9","qcontent":"What happened to the cleaner?","qid":"4b86bda7938c4a31a7633d4b09dea05e","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Repair the computer."},{"letter":"B","option":"Clean the outside windows."},{"letter":"C","option":"Pick up the dirt in the room."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"10","qcontent":"What did the woman use the robot to do?","qid":"1f95d0f163004a59a19cfcff062c90d8","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Today."},{"letter":"B","option":"Yesterday."},{"letter":"C","option":"Last weekend."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"11","qcontent":"When did the man clean out his email?","qid":"abaf1c336de445f5a2876ef0ed833072","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"150."},{"letter":"B","option":"200."},{"letter":"C","option":"300."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"12","qcontent":"How many messages are left in the man's email box?","qid":"f10e96b4078c47d3bf131d1b6ed9147c","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Missing important messages."},{"letter":"B","option":"Taking time to organize messages."},{"letter":"C","option":"Receiving advertisement messages."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"13","qcontent":"What is the woman worried about?","qid":"54ffb3b8946c4675b0554ee36654893f","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"It has been repaired."},{"letter":"B","option":"It has been sold."},{"letter":"C","option":"It has problems."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"14","qcontent":"What do we know about the man's car?","qid":"23f9a77584af460db99e08201eb2615c","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"To save money."},{"letter":"B","option":"To protect the environment."},{"letter":"C","option":"To do exercise with the woman."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"15","qcontent":"What may be the man's reason for buying a bicycle?","qid":"936563a7e8944eeba4442fdbbbcdc6bd","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"A car."},{"letter":"B","option":"A bicycle."},{"letter":"C","option":"A motorbike."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"16","qcontent":"What did the woman advise the man to buy at last?","qid":"c3ee414135aa402ebadaffc86bae6a26","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Go to work."},{"letter":"B","option":"Go home to cook a meal."},{"letter":"C","option":"Go to the company picnic."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"17","qcontent":"What will the woman do next?","qid":"5e2cebbdbf9a458095781156d84017b6","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"On the side."},{"letter":"B","option":"At the bottom."},{"letter":"C","option":"At the top."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"18","qcontent":"Where is the Plimsoll line painted on ships?","qid":"b1c93fdc0612442fa2d41dd17d2043af","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Italy."},{"letter":"B","option":"France."},{"letter":"C","option":"Britain."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"19","qcontent":"Which country did Samuel Plimsoll come from?","qid":"0e9142fd7bc44a2da27829f2be9a1286","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"In the 12th century."},{"letter":"B","option":"In the 19th century."},{"letter":"C","option":"In the 20th century."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"20","qcontent":"When did ships first have the line?","qid":"2602f59183ec46b59c9a00532119aece","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":1.5}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"第二节","qcontent":"","qid":"0bc23c8c47fa4c83b1c040e969577b2a","qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionTitle":[{"title":"听下面5段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。"}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":22.5,"translate":""},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":[""],"answerControl":"editor","childs":[],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"第一节","qcontent":"","qid":"5561aabdfabf485b86754c1277413225","qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionTitle":[{"title":"阅读下列短文，从每题所给的A、B、C、D四个选项中选出最佳选项。"}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":37.5,"translate":""},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":["这是一篇应用文。主要介绍了玻利维亚的四个旅游景点。"],"answerControl":"editor","childs":[{"answer":["A"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据Sucre中“It is a city of well-preserved historical architecture and Republican-style buildings.( 这是一座保存完好的历史建筑和共和风格建筑的城市。)”以及 “Don't miss its tasty food and other rich historical heritage when you are here.( 当你来这里的时候，不要错过它美味的食物和其他丰富的历史遗产。)”说明苏克雷以其保存完好的历史建筑和丰富的历史遗产闻名；根据Potosi中“Start your journey in Potosi by exploring Cerro Rico, the famous silver mountain with dark and narrow tunnels (隧道) that played a significant role in Bolivia's history.( 从波托西开始你的旅程，探索塞罗里科，这座著名的银山有着黑暗而狭窄的隧道，在玻利维亚的历史上发挥了重要作用。)”由此可知，两者都以历史文化著称。故选A项。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Their historical culture."},{"letter":"B","option":"Their mined silver."},{"letter":"C","option":"Their sugar-white houses."},{"letter":"D","option":"Their bell towers."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"1","qcontent":"What are both Sucre and Potosi known for?","qid":"7f9b4b662fc847d9922e065260e6db33","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5},{"answer":["D"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据Samaipata中“Samaipata is an attractive village, having a perfect year-round climate and a relaxing atmosphere where time seems to slow down and the noise of the crowds is low. Nearby are natural attractions including the scenic Las Cuevas waterfalls, which are usually empty on weekdays to take a refreshing outdoor swim.( 萨迈帕塔是一个迷人的村庄，拥有完美的全年气候和轻松的氛围，时间似乎慢了下来，人群的噪音很低。附近是自然景点，包括风景秀丽的拉斯奎瓦斯瀑布，在工作日通常没人，可以去户外游泳。)”可知，萨迈帕塔有宜人的气候和轻松的氛围，附近还有自然景点，其特色是自然环境。故选D项。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"The empty attractions on weekends."},{"letter":"B","option":"The indoor swimming pools."},{"letter":"C","option":"The boat construction industry."},{"letter":"D","option":"The natural environment."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"2","qcontent":"What does Samaipata feature?","qid":"ea0cf5043d714ef484d0342f34bb946a","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5},{"answer":["D"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据Madidi National Park中“As one of the world's most biologically diverse ecosystems, the park forms part of the Bolivian Amazon, one of South America's best-preserved areas of rainforest. This protected section is accessible by boat, so getting here is part of the fun and excitement. You can seek pink river dolphins and visit local communities that work on the special ecotourism projects.( 作为世界上最具生物多样性的生态系统之一，该公园是玻利维亚亚马逊雨林的一部分，是南美洲保存最完好的热带雨林之一。这个受保护的区域可以乘船到达，所以来到这里是乐趣和兴奋的一部分。你可以寻找粉红河豚，参观当地从事特殊生态旅游项目的社区。)”可知，马迪迪国家公园是世界上生物多样性最丰富的生态系统之一，有粉红河海豚等多种野生动物，是野生动物爱好者的理想之地。故选D项。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Sucre."},{"letter":"B","option":"Potosi."},{"letter":"C","option":"Samaipata."},{"letter":"D","option":"Madidi National Park."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"3","qcontent":"Which place is most suitable for wildlife lovers?","qid":"17ee761cca5042d09ccb5fbd895f80b8","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"A","qcontent":"\u003cp\u003eIn the heart of South America, Bolivia is home to some of the most dramatic landscapes on the continent. Here are some travel destinations of Bolivia to add into your travel plan.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eSucre\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eSucre is famous for sugar-white houses, with the buildings that shine in the sun. It is a city of well-preserved historical architecture and Republican-style buildings. If you want to relax, visit the city gardens. For fine views across the roofs and bell towers of the capital, stop at the La Recoleta neighborhood. Don't miss its tasty food and other rich historical heritage when you are here.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003ePotosi\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eStart your journey in Potosi by exploring Cerro Rico, the famous silver mountain with dark and narrow tunnels (隧道) that played a significant role in Bolivia's history. Its famed attraction is Casa Nacional de la Moneda, a great 18th-century construction where locally mined silver was once transformed into coins.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eSamaipata\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eSamaipata is an attractive village, having a perfect year-round climate and a relaxing atmosphere where time seems to slow down and the noise of the crowds is low. Nearby are natural attractions including the scenic Las Cuevas waterfalls, which are usually empty on weekdays to take a refreshing outdoor swim.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eMadidi National Park\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eAs one of the world's most biologically diverse ecosystems, the park forms part of the Bolivian Amazon, one of South America's best-preserved areas of rainforest. This protected section is accessible by boat, so getting here is part of the fun and excitement. You can seek pink river dolphins and visit local communities that work on the special ecotourism projects.\u003c/p\u003e","qid":"dfc03a100f5c4e8a9c4bbc11fef76bd5","qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":0,"translate":""},{"answer":[""],"answerAnalysis":["这是一篇说明文。文章主要介绍了学校开展晨跑项目来促进学生身心健康。"],"answerControl":"editor","childs":[{"answer":["C"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据第一段“Under the organization of the parent association (协会), the students began a 5-kilometer morning jogging program in a park of Beijing, with the aim of improving their fitness, building self-confidence, and developing patience.(在家长协会的组织下，学生们在北京的一个公园开始了一个5公里的晨跑项目，目的是提高他们的身体素质，建立自信，培养耐心)”可知，家长协会组织晨跑是为了促进学生身心健康。故选C。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"To meet the parents' requirements."},{"letter":"B","option":"To live up to the coach's expectations."},{"letter":"C","option":"To improve the students' physical and mental health."},{"letter":"D","option":"To replace the school's present physical education classes."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"4","qcontent":"Why did the parent association organize the morning jogging program?","qid":"80939e9321c5496b895822f4f6f42d6c","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5},{"answer":["D"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据第二段“Some couldn't even make it halfway, and others had to rely on each other for support to reach the finish line.”可知，第一次跑步时，部分学生无法跑到中途，需要互相支持才能到达终点，说明不是所有学生都完成了跑步，故选D。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Few of them felt energetic."},{"letter":"B","option":"Most of them gave up halfway."},{"letter":"C","option":"None of them completed the run."},{"letter":"D","option":"Not all of them made it to the end."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"5","qcontent":"What can we learn about the students in the first run?","qid":"d6fc8ad253f44dffa145ff927ef4ea84","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5},{"answer":["B"],"answerAnalysis":["细节理解题。根据第三段“According to an authority report, one in five individuals aged six to seventeen is now overweight, a significant rise from one in twenty in 1995.”可知，通过对比1995年和现在的学生超重比例数据，展现了学生超重问题的严重性，故选B。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Through an unofficial report."},{"letter":"B","option":"Through data comparison."},{"letter":"C","option":"Through the school's prediction."},{"letter":"D","option":"Through individual imagination."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"6","qcontent":"How is the seriousness of being overweight on students showed in paragraph 3?","qid":"720ef1afa2ff4c3b89dfcd2d4d0d885c","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5},{"answer":["A"],"answerAnalysis":["推理判断题。根据最后一段“The sixth-grade jogging program serves as an inspiring example, offering a solution to help students find more time to experience health, happiness, and friendship through physical activity. It shows that with devotion and support, even a simple jogging routine can have a great effect on the well-being of young students.”可知，该晨跑项目是一个鼓舞人心的范例，能帮助学生通过运动获得健康、快乐与友谊，对学生的健康有积极影响，说明它是有影响力的，故选A。"],"answerControl":"radio","choices":[{"letter":"A","option":"Influential."},{"letter":"B","option":"Traditional."},{"letter":"C","option":"Global."},{"letter":"D","option":"Commercial."}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"7","qcontent":"Which word can best describe the morning program?","qid":"81b2fa29b7084c258d19fc1dc3fe712e","qtype":"1","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":2.5}],"difficulty":0,"qIndexNumber":"B","qcontent":"\u003cp\u003eIn September, a sixth-grade class from a Chinese school began a different journey. Under the organization of the parent association (协会), the students began a 5-kilometer morning jogging program in a park of Beijing, with the aim of improving their fitness, building self-confidence, and developing patience. Every Saturday morning, with a parent chosen as the coach to guide them, they laced up their shoes and set off.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eThe first run was a real challenge. After running just several hundred meters, a few students were out of breath. Some couldn't even make it halfway, and others had to rely on each other for support to reach the finish line. However, despite the many difficulties, their determination never wavered (动摇). Along the way, many felt energetic. Most made it to the end by completing their 100th run on Saturday to celebrate their upcoming graduation, as they had been exercising regularly.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eIn recent years, some surveys have shown that the rate of obesity among students who are short of exercise is increasing rapidly. According to an authority report, one in five individuals aged six to seventeen is now overweight, a significant rise from one in twenty in 1995. In addition to weight problems, the lack of exercise has also led to an increase of short-sightedness in schools.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eRecognizing the potential link between decreased physical activity and health-related problems, various measures have been taken to reduce students' academic pressure and increase their exercise time, such as reducing the after-school homework burden.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003eThe sixth-grade jogging program serves as an inspiring example, offering a solution to help students find more time to experience health, happiness, and friendship through physical activity. It shows that with devotion and support, even a simple jogging routine can have a great effect on the well-being of young students.\u003c/p\u003e","qid":"c7fbfc3074ff43d2b4444754e40e82ba","qtype":"f7163f4b300a4f37901a67352ba66eae","questionTitle":[{"title":""}],"reviewPoint":[],"scores":0,"translate":""}],"scores":50}],"scores":0,"section":"0002","subjectId":"0001"},"msg":"新版试题分析成功"}